# Leetcode Study Repo

by Adam Owada

## Description

Problems and solutions to Leetcode's [Top Interview 150](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-interview-150/) list. Problems come from Leetcode. Solutions with comments are generated by ChatGPT.

My goal with this repo is to learn and advance my abilities with data structures and algorithms. Lately I've noticed that when I solve Leetcode problems, even easy ones, I mistakenly believe I have the best, most optimal solution when in reality there are more efficient and elegant approaches I never thought of.

More alarming is that the approaches and techniques from these optimal solutions are applicable across a wide range of problems, while my solutions feel one-off and narrow. Ultimately this means I have much more to learn. Just getting a solution accepted on Leetcode isn't enough to maximize growth and learning, I need to see the optimal solution and think about how it can be applied to novel problems.

## Table of Contents

### Array / String

- Merge Sorted Array - Easy
  - [problem](array-string/merge-sorted-array/problem.md)
  - [solution](array-string/merge-sorted-array/solution.md)
- Remove Element - Easy
  - [problem](array-string/remove-element/problem.md)
  - [solution](array-string/remove-element/solution.md)

### Two Pointers

### Sliding Window

### Matrix

### Hashmap

### Intervals

### Stack

### Linked List

### Binary Tree General

### Binary Tree BFS

### Binary Search Tree

### Graph General

### Graph BFS

### Trie

### Backtracking

### Divide & Conquer

### Kandane's Algorithm

### Binary Search

### Heap

### Bit Manipulation

### Math

### 1D DP

### Multidimensional DP
